Adapt schemas to epochs and member exclusion (#30)
ssbc/private-group-spec: group/init/README.md

var ciphertext = envelope(plain_text, feed_id, prev_msg_id, msg_key, [ group_key, own_key ])

// what you publish (enveloped plaintext)
// ciphertext = "SDSDsadlksajda432wdfsdlkfja=.box2"
```

## Epoch init example

```js
const groupRoot = 'ssb:message/classic/Zz-Inkte70Qz1UVKUHIhOgo16Oj_n37PfgmIzLDBgZw=.sha256'
const groupId = 'ssb:identity/group/g_JTmMEjG4JP2aQAO0LM8tIoRtNkTq07Se6h1qwnQKb='

var plainText = {
  type: 'group/init'
  version: 'v2',
  groupKey: group_key.toString('base64'),
  tangles: {
    group: {
      root: groupRoot,
      previous: [lastMessageOnPreviousEpoch]
    },
    epoch: {
      root: groupRoot,

>       previous: [groupRoot]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      previous: [lastGroupInitOnPreviousEpuch]
```

Reviewer: :fire: I feel like this change is really important, because people fuck up `previous` ALL THE TIME

Author: done

    }
    members: {
      root: null,
      previous: null
    }
  },
  recps: [groupId, myRootFeedId]
}
```

Note the differences between the root msg (the "zero epoch") and epoch init messages:
* The group tangle is not null and like normal, points at the group root and the latest messages.

> * The epoch tangle is not null and points at the root msg as well as the init for the last epoch. In this example this is the first new epoch so the `previous` is the group root msg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The epoch tangle is not null and points at the root msg as well as the init for the last epoch. In this example this is the first new epoch so the `previous` is just `groupRoot`.
```

Author: just removed this sentence instead (was clarified in the code example anyway)
